tikv: Fix some words for TiKV API v2 (#11271)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `api-version` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>

+ The storage format and interface version used by TiKV when TiKV serves as the RawKV store.
+ Value options:
    + `1`: Uses API V1, does not encode the data passed from the client, and stores data as it is. In versions earlier than v6.1.0, TiKV uses API V1 by default.
    + `2`: Uses API V2:
        + The data is stored in the MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control) format, where the timestamp is obtained from PD (which is TSO) by tikv-server.

>         + Data is scoped according to different usage and supports co-existence of TiDB, Transactional KV, and RawKV applications in a single cluster.

Reviewer: LGTM

        + When API V2 is used, you are expected to set `storage.enable-ttl = true` at the same time. Because API V2 supports the TTL feature, you must turn on `enable-ttl` explicitly. Otherwise, it will be in conflict because `storage.enable-ttl` defaults to `false`.
        + When API V2 is enabled, you need to deploy at least one tidb-server instance to reclaim obsolete data. This tidb-server instance can provide read and write services at the same time. To ensure high availability, you can deploy multiple tidb-server instances.
        + Client support is required for API V2. For details, see the corresponding instruction of the client for the API V2.
        + Since v6.2.0, Change Data Capture (CDC) for RawKV is supported. Please refer to [RawKV CDC](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/cdc/).
+ Default value: `1`

> **Warning:**

> > - As the difference of storage format between API V1 and API V2, you can enable or disable API V2 smoothly **ONLY** when no other but TiDB data existing in TiKV. In other scenarios, you need to deploy a new cluster, and migrate data by [RawKV BR](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - As the different underlying storage format between API V1 and API V2, you can enable or disable API V2 smoothly **only** when there are only TiDB data existing in TiKV. In other scenarios, you need to deploy a new cluster, and migrate data using [RawKV Backup & Restore](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/).
```
